you
along my comments today I'm going to be
showing you how to set up an Apache
server so will be accessible to you and
other people around the world now first
of all you have to have to port forward
your router or modem or whatever you
using now you don't port forward then
you won't be able to do it now the port
you need to port forward is 80 even and
that's their HTTP port obviously as I
said we don't do that then it will be
only accessible to you so first of all
we have to download Apache as you can
see well obviously once you pull
forwarded and we'll be ready to set up
Apache so basically just go on this link
it will be in the description and you'll
download you want to download a stable
release to point to point 19 and then
you want to download Windows prefer to
binary including open SSL MSI installer
so go ahead and open that and download
it now since I've already downloaded it
I don't even need to do it again so go
ahead and install it so I'm just going
to install it here click Next alright
set Next Next now here you want to type
localhost local host and here you put
your email you can put anything you want
you know yeah okay and then click Next
and then you want to select typical and
click Next and then let it install and
I'll just pause the video so you don't
have to watch it now you may see these
command prompt windows but just ignore
them so um here as you can see now if
you get this error message just click
escape
it's just shown as a problem of the IP
but we'll wait we will fix that so just
click escape and here just click escape
there we go
now once the installation finished we
need to configure the Windows Firewall
and we need to configure some Apache
files so I'm go ahead and go to your C
Drive
as you can see local disk C now you want
to go on program files now if you on
64-bit then
go into this folder as you can see x86
if you run fo two-bit then just go ahead
and go on program folds so I'm just
going program files and then go on
Apache Software Foundation app actually
tip 1 to heroes it's config and you want
to go into this text document httpd just
open that now here you want to scroll
down just a little bit you can see here
where it says listen now you want to put
your ipv4 address in there now to find
out your ipv4 address you want to go on
command prompt so just type CMD in this
little search area learn app and you
will know type in IP config as you can
see ipv4 address you want to put this in
there so I'm going to type mining one on
192.168.0 free I mean not one free and
at the end you wanna put : 80 as you may
realize that we brought forward 80 and
the Apache needs to listen to port 80 so
people can access it so them basically
all you have to do is this as I already
explained and once you turn this you
want to click Save and in configuration
is done now we will need to configure
our Windows File also go on Windows
Firewall you can see there is and you
want to go on allow our program or
feature through Windows Firewall and in
this window should come up and as you
can see I already added a patchy but you
will need to edit yourself if you didn't
if you installed it for the first time
so I'm just going to remove this as if I
installed it the first time so basically
what you need to do is um you want to
click allow another program it should
take in quite a while to load the
programs list so I just pause it right
here so as you can see this is my
programs let's not Apache won't be
appeared in here you need to browse for
it yourself so here is his path just
click
owls and you want to go onto the Program
Files x86 perhaps your Software
Foundation Apache and you want to go and
bin and you want to select hates httpd
application here and click open and as
you can see Apache HTTP server and click
Add now you want to allow it as you can
see it's ticked full public and home
slash work and then click OK and now
Apache is allowed for the firewall now
you can start server you can see just
click it and then click start and there
should be little player as you can see
it's running now you want to go on your
web browser now that there is a several
ways on accessing your website the first
way is to go on what's my IP and paste
paste the IP address into your dress bar
and then it should be X you'll be able
to access your website
only if you port forwarded you'll be
able to do that now if you haven't port
forwarded then type in localhost then
you should be able to get to the website
unfortunately it's not working for me
today because it's kind of messed up I'm
Trung I'm going to try one on two dot
one sixty eight dot zero dot free as you
can see I went onto the website and
which is you know Apache I went onto my
website now if you actually have a sub
domain you can use your sub domain since
you port forwarded to eighty your sub
domain will work now if you don't know
what one is I will be making the
tutorial in my next video showing you
how to like make one so my sub domain is
map map books are chicken killer
calm now we click enter as you can see I
have accessed my website there so there
are four ways localhost or put in your
ipv4 address that that's kind of low
sound category or you can put your IP
address or you can put your sub domain
in there and then you should be able to
get it so M that is pretty much it
how to set up a Apache server obviously
your HTML files will be saved in the
Apache Software Foundation patched
Ubuntu and HD Docs
now these are where your HTML documents
are saved and basically we want to go on
Dreamweaver make a website and you
should put everything in here so when
again I think that's pretty much it so
thanks for watching and please subscribe
comment and thumbs up for more of these
videos so yeah